README.md, before:

# Save The Princess Challenge from HackerRank

### Table of Contents
- [How To Install Locally](#how-to-install-locally)
- [Tools Used](#tools-used)
- [Thought Process](#thought-process)


## How To Install Locally
For usage on your local machine run the following commands into your terminal:

```
git clone git@github.com:isabellevillasenor/bot_saves_princess.git
cd bot_saves_princess
bundle install
bundle exec rspec
```

## Tools Used

- I used the [RSpec Gem](https://rspec.info/) to execute testing.
- I used the [SimpleCov Gem](https://github.com/simplecov-ruby/simplecov) to ensure 100% Lines Of Code were tested.
- I used the [Pry Gem](https://github.com/pry/pry) to simulate a developer console.

## Thought Process
Upon reading I broke the problem into three primary components needed in order to complete the task.
- [Grid](#grid)
- [Bot Movement](#bot_movement)
- [Path to Princess](#path_to_princess)

### File Structure
I chose to abstract each component into their own class, contained within the lib folder, as a means to follow SRP and encapsulation. The same structure goes for the spec folder, as well as GitWorkflow. PR's will be sent based off completion per functionality, as well as completion of proper edge case testing. I will compile all the code and required files into the `hacker_rank_runner` file, in order to allow for direct copy/pasting my solution into the HackerRank Interface. 

### Grid
The bot will always be placed in the middle of the grid, so grid needs to have a way to ensure that only *odd numbers* are accepted. The grid can never be less than 3x3 in order to properly complete task. 
#### Initialize Method
- `Array.new()` will need to be called in the initialize so that the array containing the grid will be saved with the Grid object upon instantiation. 
- Error Handling will also live in the initialize as opposed to the `create_grid` method in order to prevent initializing a Grid object with null values.
#### Create Grid Method
- For each index that's passed into the block, change the element to '-' and times that by the grid_size that's being passed in to ensure it's a square output. (NxN)

### Bot Movement

### Path to Princess

Commit message:

Update README for Place Bot Method

README.md, after:

# Save The Princess Challenge from HackerRank

### Table of Contents
- [How To Install Locally](#how-to-install-locally)
- [Tools Used](#tools-used)
- [Thought Process](#thought-process)


## How To Install Locally
For usage on your local machine run the following commands into your terminal:

```
git clone git@github.com:isabellevillasenor/bot_saves_princess.git
cd bot_saves_princess
bundle install
bundle exec rspec
```

## Tools Used

- I used the [RSpec Gem](https://rspec.info/) to execute testing.
- I used the [SimpleCov Gem](https://github.com/simplecov-ruby/simplecov) to ensure 100% Lines Of Code were tested.
- I used the [Pry Gem](https://github.com/pry/pry) to simulate a developer console.

## Thought Process
Upon reading I broke the problem into three primary components needed in order to complete the task.
- [Grid](#grid)
- [Bot Movement](#bot_movement)
- [Path to Princess](#path_to_princess)

### File Structure
I chose to abstract each component into their own class, contained within the lib folder, as a means to follow SRP and encapsulation. The same structure goes for the spec folder, as well as GitWorkflow. PR's will be sent based off completion per functionality, as well as completion of proper edge case testing. I will compile all the code and required files into the `hacker_rank_runner` file, in order to allow for direct copy/pasting my solution into the HackerRank Interface. 

### Grid
The bot will always be placed in the middle of the grid, so grid needs to have a way to ensure that only *odd numbers* are accepted. The grid can never be less than 3x3 in order to properly complete task. 
#### Initialize Method
- `Array.new()` will need to be called in the initialize so that the array containing the grid will be saved with the Grid object upon instantiation. 
- Error Handling will also live in the initialize as opposed to the `create_grid` method in order to prevent initializing a Grid object with null values.
#### Create Grid Method
- For each index that's passed into the block, change the element to '-' and times that by the grid_size that's being passed in to ensure it's a square output. (NxN)

#### Place Bot Method
- To find the center of a square, if you have two coordinates (i.e. a = x/y & b = x/y) you would take the arguments of both corners, put them over two, add each x and each y and then divide by two and that will give you the coordinates of the center. However, since we're just getting passed the argument of the desired grid size, we can divide that number by two, twice, and use the output as the index that will be where `m` should be placed.

### Bot Movement

### Path to Princess
